Bluetooth: Host: Add const prefix for UUID (#66136)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.6.rst

* The Bluetooth Mesh ``element`` declaration has been changed to add prefix ``const``.
  The ``elem->addr`` field has been changed to the new runtime structure, replaced by
  ``elem->rt->addr``. (:github:`65388`)
* The Bluetooth UUID has been declare as rodata, ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_16``, ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_32``
  and ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_128`` has been changed to `const`.

>   Any point to a UUID must be prefixed with `const`, otherwise there will be a compilation warning,
>   Usage : ``const struct bt_uuid *uuid = BT_UUID_DECLARE_16(xx)`` (:github:`66136`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Any pointer to a UUID must be prefixed with `const`, otherwise there will be a compilation warning. 
  For example change ``struct bt_uuid *uuid = BT_UUID_DECLARE_16(xx)`` to ``const struct bt_uuid *uuid = BT_UUID_DECLARE_16(xx)``. (:github:`66136`)
```

* The Bluetooth Mesh ``element`` declaration has been changed to add prefix ``const``.
  The ``elem->addr`` field has been changed to the new runtime structure, replaced by
  ``elem->rt->addr``. (:github:`65388`)

> * The Bluetooth UUID has been declare as rodata, ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_16``, ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_32``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Bluetooth UUID has been modified to rodata in ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_16``, ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_32``
```

* The Bluetooth Mesh ``element`` declaration has been changed to add prefix ``const``.
  The ``elem->addr`` field has been changed to the new runtime structure, replaced by
  ``elem->rt->addr``. (:github:`65388`)

> * The Bluetooth UUID has been declare as rodata, ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_16``, ``BT_UUID_DECLARE_32``

Author: It’s actually not difficult, and there will be compilation warnings, but thank you for the reminder.
